Get MultiQC to save plots as stand alone files (#184)
nf-core/rnaseq: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 1.4dev

#### Pipeline updates

> * get MultiQC to save plots as stand alone files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Get MultiQC to save plots as [standalone files](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/issues/183)
```

Author: I've changed it and pushed it.
